New Traffic Policy Documentation (#1011)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/traffic-policy/concepts/phases.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Phases
pagination_next: traffic-policy/concepts/phase-rules
pagination_label: Phase Rules
---

# Phases

> In Traffic Policy, a phase represents a distinct point in the lifecycle of a request as it moves through an ngrok endpoint. Phases allow you to inspect, process, and manage traffic at key moments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Traffic Policy, a phase represents a specific step in the lifecycle of a request as it moves through an ngrok endpoint. Phases allow you to inspect, process, and manage traffic at key moments.
```

Reviewer: do we want to say something about how they roughly map to the phases of an http session as defined here: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Session

also, maybe something about all traffic is not guaranteed to have all phases. For example, raw TCP traffic will not have any HTTP phases.

Reviewer: oh, i guess you have it later. oops

## Traffic Policy Phases

### `on_tcp_connect`

> The first phase in the traffic lifecycle. This phase is triggered when a new TCP connection is established. It provides an opportunity to allow, reject, or manipulate connections before any higher-level protocol processing begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first phase in the traffic lifecycle. This phase is triggered when a new TCP connection is established. It provides an opportunity to allow, reject, or manipulate connections before any higher-level protocol processing begins. This phase is present in all traffic to the endpoint.
```
